'21-03-01 02:45:00 AST (UTC-4, Atlantic Standard Time)

And finally regarding Genesis 3, I read already, it's a well known text but not easy to understand and includes many facets, diffuclt to explain it in all it's facets at once.
The LORD God (so JHWH, JEFE, Jehova) is the appointed highest and central identity or beeing or proxy here. It's a deputy for God, a locum for the Creator himself, a replacement for the Serpent, a proxy for Adam, a understudy for Eva, a representative for the livestock, the ground, the field, the garden Eden, the cherubim, the tree of life and authorized for the flaming sword which can flash back, one could say. So it's partly the incarnation of the lordly wench itself and the story is talking about the program start I used to call that.
The serpent is an impersonation of that wenchs lordlyness, the destiny/fortune/doom of the lorly wenchs beeing, that womans and Evas drive/spur/impulsion. As such it is connecting with her beeing and Eva undertakes that purpose of her provision.
The central tree is the serpent, its fruits is its utilization and program.
It was, so to say, the launch objective as ultimatum for the babylonic towers degree of completion, the specification for its acceptance criterion and handicap.
That they feel naked after that misdemeanour manipulating their own casing/cloak/compress to gain for them selves, to master/govern/control the puppet playing apparatus central computing unit beeing a respective terminal device capabale sending update request (HTAB,EOT) followed by signalling RX-readyness (ENQ,EOT) gaining transport feed to tabstop calculated for the initiating sequence (LF,ENQ) into RX-buffer and confirming (ACK,ENQ) or vice versa...
Of what they wanted to archive can be described as different evil and sin, but for example wanting the livestock, which is Evas classification, processed via LORD for their input, and the sowing, which is Adams classification, for their own treatment and broadcast via LORD as output.

Ein nachfolgender Aspekt:
der Aspekt der da nicht heraus gestellt wurde weil nicht mehr nachgefragt wurde an der Stelle, daß "unter Schmerzen gebähren" oder wie auch immer es formuliert ist, heißt sie muss selbstlos und hingebungsvoll sein und sich der Supervision unterziehen um Kinder bekommen zu können und selbst wenn die Biologie das schafft, sie nicht verkümmern zu lassen bis sie die Geschlechtsreife erreicht haben (nach deren Sprech, kurz nach Anbruch der Adoleszens-Zeit)
